very good people I am chaos today I bring you
a video of metal gear solid peace
walker and good this video I upload
basically because a lot of people have
asked how he had got the
optical camouflage and well here in
this video I will show you how
got and how can you get it
you
no less to do is go to operations
additional to the additional operation
number 50
the perfect infiltration
say that life is about to see and for
twitter was good and 22 weeks left
I'm going to show you the equipment that
user to remove the camouflage from
optical here and good we're going to need
little thing and the gun silenced
and also the stun grenades with
these two things we can already get in
objective complex
important grandparents also in a
infiltration report that we will be
quite useful and for me it is the best
uniform that there is in this metal gear
good we go to the day
well to get optical camouflage
what we have to do is take out the
range is the maximum range possible in
this mission
normally in any mission of
I play with not killing anyone and not
jump the alarms you're going to get the
range of that but in this mission
especially
apart from not jumping the alarms and not
will kill anyone we have to do it very
but that very fast is worth it if we want
get the range s we have to
finish the mission in less than three
minutes if they take more than three minutes
you are going to get the s and as it is logical not
you're going to get optical camouflage but
the truth is very simple here in the
video
I have put you as I get it because
so you can see where you have to go
more or less and this is the way that I
fastest I have found to pass the
mission in less than three minutes for the
people
so if you follow the path that I follow
in this video
you are going to get it but but very easy
do not bother killing in sleeping
all the soldiers because you are going to lose
a lot of time and you will not do it in
less than three minutes I here leave me
many soldiers and without sleep because no
I need it and I can pass without me
see
that's why I always say follow the path
that kept killing the soldiers to sleep
that so
and you will have less than three
minutes you are going to get
the truth is quite easy and if it kills you
they discover us nothing happens because it is
pretty easy to memorize where they are
the soldiers are four or five phases
what you have to go through and
and also that it is not very difficult either
it's like I say it's easy to memorize in
is the soldiers
and well over here we go and we have one
phase or two as you see is little thing
and with the infiltration uniform as
You see we can get close enough to the
enemies and they do not realize that's why it's
It is also essential to carry the
camouflage the infiltration uniform not
it is worth as you see here fast mistakes of
shoot and feet some of the back of
you point and he only surrenders and throws
on the ground you do not even need to shoot
it's faster to point your back
it is already thrown to the ground and we continue
forward
the last phase
let's not get in here on the left
crouched and here are going to be two the
we slept a bad taste of it more
fast and as you see pointed from behind
pretty fast and now here important
we put the blinding grenade
and there by the door that will continue
two more soldiers
we throw the blinding grenades
important you have to throw two if you
let's say one we did not do well
throw two with two centuries left no
you see we do not leave them stunned there in the
ground and we can pass
and seats
let's see how long it takes 2 and 7
given less than 3 minutes we are going to
get that range and camouflage
active
we'll see
to these 245 range that and here they give you
the active camouflage to me do not give it to me
because I already have it but to you if
they are worth people and I do not expect anything
has helped you and nothing if
you have more doubts because you already know is
comments or a private message
whatever it is to good people I hope that
I have served you a greeting and see you in
the next video bye bye